update of cate docs (#917)
CCI-Tools/cate: docs/source/about.rst

   into the system. In the future, this will be the recommended way to use Cate for most users.

.. warning::

>    The Cate SaaS is still in development. A demo can be accessed at: https://cate.climate.esa.int .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The Cate cloud service is still in development. A demo can be accessed at: https://cate.climate.esa.int .
```

   Currently, users will need to apply for access.

2. **Cate App** is a cross-platform web-application which may be used as a desktop app for users who wish to use Cate
   predominantly with their local data sources. The application can also connect to the remote Cate services of Cate SaaS.

.. figure:: _static/figures/about-ui.png
   :width: 1024px
   :align: center

>    The Cate App (desktop or web browser) of the CCI Toolbox

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Cate App (desktop or web browser) - the GUI for the CCI Toolbox
```
